This was my last project in Computer Programmin 2.I couldn't finish my last group project, which was to make ciphers, so I decided to work on it, and finish it.I was interested at making this program because I thought I can use my program in my real life, and it would be fun.

First of all, I got information about ciphers from a website (https://inventwithpython.com/chapter14.html), and I tried to use code from it, but I tried to find other ways to create the code. So I went to a different website to create encrypting code. The website (http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher), and there was code I was finding. However, it had encrypting and decrypting code in one program, and I wanted to make 2 separate program. So I changed some codes including variables, and lines. I got rid of some unneeded lines and edited it in order to 

Here instruction for my program. Both encrypting and decrypting code has a line that says [msg = "PUT YOUR MESSAGE HERE!"]. If you want to make a secret message, you use Encrypting Code, and you put your message between quotation marks. For example, [msg = "Hi, I created this program!"]. Then you operate the program. It will print out "St, T ncplepo estd aczrclx!". If you want to translate the secret message to English, you use Decrypting Code, and you put your message between quotation marks just like when you use encrypting code.For example, [msg = "St, T ncplepo estd aczrclx!"]. Then it will print out "Hi, I created this program!".

Not only in python, but we can create other sets of program. For example, I said that I used a website http://rosettacode.org/wiki/Caesar_cipher, and there is many different kind of program such as Java and Javascript. We can change some lines and edit parts to make other set of programs.

After creating this program, I created a page for my final project. I put my github link into my own website. Overall, I think it was pretty fun to create and use this program even though it took long time to sort everything out and put in order. I had a good semester.
